RCOMP 2019-2020 Project - Sprint 1 planning===========================================### Sprint master: 1190811 #### 1. Sprint's backlog #In the first week the team just calculated the area of the respective buildings floors.On the next week it was been planned what type o cables to use and what strategies that would be done in this Sprint.At the time all the meetings were done to plan all things that were going to be implemented. Each member started to watch the specifics of his floors that he was responsible. In the same week every position/quantity of MC, IC and HC and CP and AP was thought. In the remaing days all values were confirmed and stratagies to complete the Sprint in a successfuly way.# 2. Technical decisions and coordination #  In the first meeting it was choosen the copper cable T-568A .universally used in every building to be connected to end users outlets. This decision was made intirely so there isn't any doubts on which cable is used in which building. That was the way to avoid that problem.	We choosen to use fiber between MC(Main cross-connect) and IC(Intermediate cross-connect) and HC(Horizontal cross-connect), because in that particular decision that can sustain up to 2 generations and prevent wasting labor in the future.	The number of outlets in each building was specifically planned to sustain the cliente needs, sustained by increasing some outlets for the minimum specified in previous lessons.	In terms of Acess Points some buildings did not have only the area coverage but the user coverage as well. If the building had more than 300 outlets it was expected to have supposedly at least 200 users. In that case it was implemented more AP's to support that need. And the position of this AP's were also thought to don't go outside the building area to don't compromise the building Network Security.# 3. Subtasks assignment ##### Example: ####  * 1190782 - Development of a structured cabling project for building 1,and also encompassing the campus backbone.  * 1190811 - Development of a structured cabling project for building 2; Scrum Master.  * 1191419 - Development of a structured cabling project for building 3.  * 1190718 - Development of a structured cabling project for building 4.